imagine living next door to a major
university library entirely free to
access and always open imagine that the
library also has the world's leading
collection of human animal bond research
organized and classified to the highest
scientific standards this library
doesn't just has published literature it
also contains unique collections of
unpublished technical reports data sets
audio-visual material and digitized
primary sources it is open to all who
are interested in how animals can
benefit society and welcomes visitors
ranging from the pet owner to the health
care specialist giving them research
tools appropriate to their needs and
providing space for collaboration across
disciplines imagine no longer welcome to
highbury central the new online
information hub and virtual library so
happy central is a resource for
professionals and scholars and people
working on the study of the human animal
bond it serves as an online resource
free to access as a very important
solution for international researchers
haveri central consists of four primary
components a bibliography a repository a
publishing venue and a community
resource we're calling it a hub it's a
place where researchers from around the
world and from many different contexts
can come together to study important
areas in this field together and network
and to produce scholarship together this
hub will provide access to massive
amounts of data including the full text
of books multimedia and many other
sources it will also include a new
journal allowing users to publish
original scholarship to a wide audience
seeking information on the human animal
bond there's so much information that
how to really access the information
share the information has always been a
problem and listservs and other things
are so limited would be wonderful to
have a truly international the
accessible
form because it's a international
interest my understanding and my intent
in the long term is that we try and
identify all types of resources not just
print and not just electronic but also
the multimedia and the grey literature
and by grey literature I mean the hard
to find white papers and so hopefully we
can make this more transparent and more
open for many people and then more
research can be built upon that having
this resource for the human animal bond
community will bring scholars
practitioners and citizen scientists
together in a way never before possible
to explore the central importance of the
link between humans and animals and
advance our knowledge of the human
animal bond together people have been
with animals for since I we lived in
villages and animals were always very
important it turns out there was more
and more empirical evidence that the
relationship was more than just
companionship and more than just fun it
really started changing the health
profiles of people obviously the animals
benefit from the relationship so the
study is to really understand what are
the what's really going on our animals
as we think they are really very much
part of the strategy for human survival
that it plays into our social support
system where we cared with each other
very nurturing but we also benefit from
the caring and nurturing of our
companion animals I think it's it's it's
important to to knowledge it's
essentially an attempt to establish the
architectonic or the architecture of the
field of human relationships with
animals which is huge I mean it rains
from comparative studies on linguistics
and semiotics and all that
all the way towards work in the health
an animal health and so forth and if we
don't understand what we're examining we
will not examine it as well i'm pretty
sure that so what is highbury central
habri central is a bibliography a
repository online publishing venue and a
digital community hub entirely devoted
to advancing the study of the benefits
of the human animal bond for pet and
human health welcome to the library of
the future
you